   html   Skip to content      This site uses cookies and similar technologies to store information on your computer or device. By continuing to use this site, you agree to the placement of these cookies and similar technologies. Read our updated Privacy & Cookies Notice to learn more.    I Accept            DONATE         Main Menu                 SEARCH RMHC      Submit      Please enter a valid search.     Find a Chapter    About Us   Our Impact  Board of Trustees  RMHC and McDonald's  Our Partners  RMHC and the Medical Community     Our Core Programs   Ronald McDonald House Programs  Ronald McDonald Family Room Programs  Ronald McDonald Care Mobile Programs     Get Involved    How to help   Volunteer  Here For RMHC  Run For RMHC   Ways to Give   Legacy Planning  Host a Fundraiser  Become a Corporate Partner  Give at McDonald's  Fulfill a Wishlist     Events   Bank of America Chicago Marathon  RMHC Awards of Excellence  RMHC Family Golf Outing         SEARCH RMHC     SEARCH RMHC     Submit      Please enter a valid search.  close      DONATE           Main Menu Close                    About Us  We believe when families are together, they cope better.  We believe no family should have to deal with their child’s medical crisis alone.                Find a Chapter         RMHC and McDonald’s         See Our Impact                 Our Mission  The mission of RMHC is to create, find, and support programs that directly improve the health and well-being of children and their families.          Our Mission  The mission of RMHC is to create, find, and support programs that directly improve the health and well-being of children and their families.                 Our Vision  A world where all children have access to medical care and their families are supported and actively involved in their children’s care.              We’re changing the lives of families globally           375+  Ronald McDonald House programs         260+  Ronald McDonald Family Room programs         50+  Ronald McDonald Care Mobile programs         Learn about our core programs              Keeping children and their families together since 1974  Our first Ronald McDonald House opened in Philadelphia, PA, USA, in 1974, after recognizing the need for parents to stay close to their hospitalized child. As we opened more House programs around the world, it became clear that caring for the family of a sick child was as important as caring for the child. That was the beginning of our unique role as a children’s charity, enabling, supporting and facilitating family-centered care. Our Ronald McDonald House programs , located near top children’s hospitals, allow parents who are far from home to stay close to their hospitalized child and benefit from the comforts of home without incurring hotel and food costs. Ronald McDonald Family Room programs offer a quiet respite for all families right in the hospital. And Ronald McDonald Care Mobile programs bring fundamental medical and dental care to underserved communities.          Keeping children and their families together since 1974  Our first Ronald McDonald House opened in Philadelphia, PA, USA, in 1974, after recognizing the need for parents to stay close to their hospitalized child. As we opened more House programs around the world, it became clear that caring for the family of a sick child was as important as caring for the child. That was the beginning of our unique role as a children’s charity, enabling, supporting and facilitating family-centered care. Our Ronald McDonald House programs , located near top children’s hospitals, allow parents who are far from home to stay close to their hospitalized child and benefit from the comforts of home without incurring hotel and food costs. Ronald McDonald Family Room programs offer a quiet respite for all families right in the hospital. And Ronald McDonald Care Mobile programs bring fundamental medical and dental care to underserved communities.              RMHC provides more than 2.5 million overnight stays each year, helping families save over $930 million in hotel and meal expenses.              Media Resources & Financials              2019  Annual Report Infographic         2019  RMHC 990         2019  Audited Financial Statements         2018  RMHC 990         2018  Annual Report         2018  Audited Financial Statements         2017  RMHC 990         2017  Audited Financial Statements            View our Media center                               When you get involved, families everywhere benefit  We believe that no family should have to deal with their child’s medical crisis alone. Your participation with RMHC can make a big difference whether it’s holding a fundraiser for our global organization or volunteering your time with one of our local Chapters. Together, we can impact the lives of many. Join us.  Learn how to get involved            With your generosity, we can continue to help our Chapters expand their reach and ensure even more families are supported throughout the world.  Donate             DONATE NOW to help give NEW HOPE to RMHC families in the new year.   DONATE                 Follow RMHC    Facebook    Instagram    pinterest    Twitter    Youtube              DONATE    Find a Chapter      Accessibility  Careers  Media Center  Online Giving Disclosures    Privacy Policy  Terms and Conditions  Contact Us      About Us  Our Impact  Board of Trustees  RMHC and McDonald's  Our Partners  RMHC and the Medical Community    Our Core Programs  Ronald McDonald House Programs  Ronald McDonald Family Room Programs  Ronald McDonald Care Mobile Programs    Get Involved    How to help  Volunteer  Here For RMHC  Run For RMHC    Ways to Give  Legacy Planning  Host a Fundraiser  Become a Corporate Partner  Give at McDonald's  Fulfill a Wishlist      Events  Bank of America Chicago Marathon  RMHC Awards of Excellence  RMHC Family Golf Outing      © RMHC The following trademarks used herein are owned by McDonald's Corporation and its affiliates;
McDonald's, Ronald McDonald House Charities, Ronald McDonald House Charities Logo, RMHC, Ronald McDonald
House, Ronald McDonald Family Room, Ronald McDonald Care Mobile, and Keeping families close.  RMHC is recognized as a public charity under Internal Revenue Code section 509(a) and has 501(c)(3)
status. Donations to RMHC are deductible. Donors should consult their tax advisor for questions
regarding deductibility. The RMHC EIN is 36-2934689. A copy of the RMHC determination letter is
available upon request.          