       Skip to main content Connect With Us About PBS Mission & Values Stations Senior Management Team Board of Directors Financials Awards Press Releases Pressroom Careers Current Openings Life & Culture at PBS Benefits Internships Contact Information Social Media Newsletters PBS Program Contacts WARN FAQ Support PBS Support Your Station PBS Foundation Corporate Partnerships Producing for PBS Content Priorities Submission Guidelines and Proposal Process PBS Editorial Standards and Practices PBS Funding Standards and Practices Names and Faces PBS Plus Production Guidelines     Mission & Values PBS is a membership organization that, in partnership with its member stations, serves the American public with programming and services of the highest quality, using media to educate, inspire, entertain and express a diversity of perspectives. PBS empowers individuals to achieve their potential and strengthen the social, democratic, and cultural health of the U.S. PBS offers programming that expands the minds of children, documentaries that open up new worlds, non-commercialized news programs that keep citizens informed on world events and cultures and programs that expose America to the worlds of music, theater, dance and art. It is a multi-platform media organization that serves Americans through television , mobile and connected devices , the web , in the classroom , and more. PBS is a private, nonprofit corporation, founded in 1969, whose members are America’s public TV stations -- noncommercial, educational licensees that operate more than 330 PBS member stations and serve all 50 states, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam and American Samoa. America's Largest Classroom As America’s largest classroom, PBS is available to all of America’s children – including those who can’t attend preschool – and offers educational media that help prepare children for success in school. PBS is committed to bringing the power of media into the classroom - helping educators to engage students in new and different ways. America's Largest Stage At a time when funding for music and arts within our schools is being cut, PBS is helping to keep the arts alive today and for generations to come by ensuring the worlds of music, theater, dance and art remain available to all Americans, many of whom might never have had the opportunity to experience them otherwise. A Trusted Window to the World PBS offers programming for a wide range of ages, interests and genres. Each month, over 100 million people through television and more than 28 million people online explore the worlds of science, history, culture, great literature and public affairs through PBS’ trusted content. Value PBS      Our sites PBS KIDS Parents PBS Teachers Food Arts Column Header Black Culture Connection Digital Studios Shop PBS PBS KIDS Shop PBS Digital Downloads Learn more PBS Foundation The Value of PBS About Us Press Releases Newsletters Public Editor Column Header Careers Contact Us Support PBS Producing for PBS News & Updates Help & FAQ Copyright © 2020 Public Broadcasting Service (PBS), 
                          all rights reserved. PBS is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Marketing Preferences            